why u want do this degree from abroad? 
what skills will this degree bring to you? 
where do u see yourself in 5 years from now? 
how would you contribute to country once you return back?
Please Introduce yourself.
Why are you applying for this program?
State your Biggest Strengths and weaknesses?
Any embarrassing decision?
What was the most difficult time you faced and how did you overcome it?
What makes you most suitable candidate for this scholarship and why should we recruit you?
Any Research experience and what techniques you learnt?
Past Multiculturalism experience?
How will you manage living far away from home? Will you face any difficulties?
Your Hobbies?
Your Internship/Job experience and last year project?
Intended Major?
Your Biggest achievement?
Recent trending news apart from Covid 19?
did you apply to other programs?
Your experience in catalysis?
What do I understand by teamwork and is teamwork important. Give examples?
What is my approach to deadlines?
Where do I see myself 5years from now?
At the end I asked 2,3 questions from the panel.
Could you please introduce yourself?
Why this study program at this university?
How is this program related to your previous studies?
Why are you not continuing your studies in Pakistan?
Why this country?
How will you bear your study expenses?
Who is your sponsor or scholarship provider?
What are your future plans?
What kind of jobs can you get after this study program?

Introduce yourself
· Can you briefly describe your previous research experience (Including the rationale and significance, hypotheses, interesting methods, and results)
· What motivated you to apply to graduate school
· What are you hoping to glean from your Ph.D. training
· How will you fund your studies
· Why this country in particular
· What are future Ph.D. research interests
· Why are you interested in this particular program
· Do you have any thoughts about potential career paths
· What opportunities exist for collaboration with peers, other departments & universities
· What are the lab current research activities
· What types of fellowships opportunities could the graduate applicants be granted
· What is the expected Ph.D. studies completion
· I want to join the lab during the weekend (Saturday-Sunday), can I do so
· What kind of learning opportunities will I get during the program
· Grant writing/authorships/conference presentations & so on
· What are your expectations from your graduate students
· What is the bigger/long-term aim of your lab
· What are the department social, justice, and inclusion diversity
And the many more you have in your mind.
A few dos and don’ts
Ø Don’t try to record the meeting unless they ask
Ø Don’t fake anything
Ø Don’t sit in places with a bad internet connection
Ø Don’t wait for the last moment to open the laptop
Ø Be prepared to join the meeting as soon as they let you in. If you’re the host of the meeting, be inside the room at least ten minutes before the start so as to prepare yourself.
Ø Don’t dress up in an unusual manner. Wear formals or semi-formal clothes
Ø Don’t sit in a noisy or a poorly lit area
Ø Book a spot for you 2 days before to avoid any knocking on the door/disturbances.
Ø Don’t copy internet questions and answers
Ø Prepare well by mock interviews as many as you can
Remember to: -Thank them for their time in the end. 